Add backward incompatible change to release note (#8888)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: downloads/swan-lake-release-notes/swan-lake-2201.9.0/RELEASE_NOTE.md

- Removed the previously deprecated `nats:Message` record. Consequently, corresponding APIs no longer accommodate this record. Users are advised to transition to utilizing subtypes of `nats:AnydataMessage` for continued functionality.

> - A bug which resulted the rest paramter of a function is not being final, has been fixed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A bug which resulted in the rest parameter of a function not being considered final has been fixed.
```

    ```ballerina
        function sum(int i, int... j) {
            j = [1, 2, 3]; // error: cannot assign a value to function argument 'j'

>         }

Reviewer: Fix indentation.
